Psalm 149 praise the Lord sing to the
Lord a new song and his praise in the
Assembly of saints let Israel rejoice in
their maker let the children of Zion be
joyful in their king
let them praise His name with the dance
let them sing praises to him with the
timbrel and harp for the Lord takes
pleasure in his people he will beautify
the humble with salvation let the Saints
be joyful in glory
let them sing aloud on their beds let
the high praises of God be in their
mouths and a two-edged sword in their
hand to execute vengeance on the
nation's and punishments on the peoples
to bind their kings with chains and
their nobles with fetters of iron to
execute on them the written judgment
this honor have all his Saints praise
the Lord
[Music]